Feature/89 env file examples and improve documentation (#92)
coopdevs/lazona_connector: README.md

## Setup

> You have to options to work on the project. To run the docker containers or to run the project manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options to work on the project: to run the docker containers or to run the project manually.
```

### Run Docker

You can have the project up & running locally just with a command:
`docker-compose up`. 

> You need to have a .env file created. Check our .env.example to see the minimum variables to define and their pourpose. Run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have an .env file created. Check the .env.example to see the required variables and their purpose. Run:
```

```
cp .env.example .env
```

> Edit the variables on .env adding the real data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the variables on .env adding the actual data.
```

Alternatively, you can install the appropriate Redis package for your OS.

#### Direnv

We keep required config environment variables in `.envrc` which is managed by
[direnv](https://direnv.net/). Any time you modify that file, you'll need to run
`direnv allow`. You'll see an error message telling you so when cd-ing into the
project's directory.

> You need to have a .envrc file created. Check our .envrc.example to see the minimum variables to define and their pourpose. Run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have an .envrc file created. Check the .envrc.example to see the required variables and their purpose. Run:
```

```
cp .envrc.example .envrc
```

> Edit the variables on .envrc adding the real data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the variables on .envrc adding the actual data.
```

#### Django

> Create a superuser to interact with django

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a superuser to authenticate Woocommerce's webhook requests:
```

```
python manage.py createsuperuser --username woocommerce --email woocommerce@example.com
```

> Once all previous points are setup run migration to create the necessary tables on django

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all previous points are setup run the migrations to create the necessary tables in your database
```

```

> python manage.py makemigration

Reviewer: This step is not needed. This is the one that will create the migration files. All we need is to execute those that are already in the repo. If you run this, you won't see any result. If you do, it's because we forgot to create them.

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/coopdevs/lazona_connector/pull/92/commits/38ca9947aefcc0ee46ba1921c4d28a611855dda3

python manage.py migrate

```

## Usage

### Authentication

> The API we expose for Woocommerce to send its webhook uses a signature mechanism. The signature is verified using SignatureValidaton class found [here](https://github.com/coopdevs/lazona_connector/blob/main/api/authentication.py).

Reviewer: The API we expose for Woocommerce to send its webhook uses a signature mechanism. The signature is verified using our custom [SignatureValidaton](https://github.com/coopdevs/lazona_connector/blob/main/api/authentication.py).

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/coopdevs/lazona_connector/pull/92/commits/5bed23c14b42ccace4428b4d99c3b6e32461db34

### Sending a request to the connector

> We'll our woocommerce instance to send requests to the connector.

Reviewer: I guess you missed a word here. What were you trying to say? `We'll need to configure`, perhaps?

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/coopdevs/lazona_connector/pull/92/commits/5bed23c14b42ccace4428b4d99c3b6e32461db34
